---BUILT IN STRING METHODS IN PYTHON---

1. title() :-
    it is used to capitalize first letter of each and every word in a string.

    Ex:- 
        When we take a fullname as a input from user we should use the title() method to capitalize users 
        first and last name.

2. isdigit() :-
    It is used to check the string is only numbers or not. If numbers it will return True else it wiil return
     False.

    Ex:-
        we can use this method when taking a phone number as input from user.If the user enter a alphabat in 
        the phonenumber field it will show a error message.
3. lower() :-
    It is used to make lowercase a string from uppsercase.

    Ex:-
        when a user enter his/her email we can use this method to make more synchronize the email address.

4. count() :-
    It is used to count how many time repeats a charachter in a string.

    Ex:-
        Suppose we are taking a lot of unique names from user. We can use this method to check is there any
        duplicate name or not.

5. isalnum(), isalpha(), isdigit() :-
    We are using isalnum() to check the string is only alphanumeric or not. isalpha() is used to check the 
    strig is alphabets only or not and the isdigit for check numbers.

    Ex:-
        We can use this three methods combinely to check stronger passwords contains with special characters.
        if the user entered password only alpha or only number or only alphanumeric this three methods will
        check it. Then we can show a erroe msg to enter a special character.

6. split() :-
    It is used to break the string with given character and make a list of this words.

    Ex:-
        if we want to take a list as input from the user we can use it to make a list with space separated 
        the user dont need to write a comma.

7. lstrip(), rstipt() :- 
    It is used to remove given character from left and right of the string.

    Ex:-
    If a user enters some spaces at first or last of his name it will remove the unwanter spaces. Names does
    not contain space first and last.


